MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Supporting Materials for "AI-Driven Discovery and Intelligent Molecular Engineering Design for Enhancing Interface Stability of Black Phosphorus"

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

================================================================================

This project incorporates code from the following open source projects:

1. gnn_eads (GAME-Net) - Graph-based Adsorption on Metal Energy-neural Network
   Original repository: https://gitlab.com/iciq-tcc/nlopez-group/gnn_eads
   Copyright (c) 2022 iciq-tcc / nlopez-group
   Licensed under the MIT License

2. ChemProp - Message Passing Neural Networks for Molecule Property Prediction
   Original repository: https://github.com/chemprop/chemprop
   Copyright (c) 2024 The Chemprop Development Team (Regina Barzilay, 
   Jackson Burns, Yunsie Chung, Anna Doner, Xiaorui Dong, David Graff, 
   William Green, Kevin Greenman, Yanfei Guan, Esther Heid, Lior Hirschfeld, 
   Tommi Jaakkola, Wengong Jin, Olivier Lafontant-Joseph, Shih-Cheng Li, 
   Mengjie Liu, Joel Manu, Charles McGill, Angiras Menon, Nathan Morgan, 
   Hao-Wei Pang, Kevin Spiekermann, Kyle Swanson, Allison Tam, 
   Florence Vermeire, Haoyang Wu, and Kevin Yang, Jonathan Zheng)
   Licensed under the MIT License

Both incorporated projects are licensed under the MIT License, which is 
compatible with this project's MIT License. The full text of the MIT License 
for the incorporated projects is as follows:

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

================================================================================

THIRD-PARTY DEPENDENCIES

This project may also depend on various Python packages and libraries, each
with their own licensing terms. Users should consult the individual package
documentation for specific license information. 